INGREDIENTS:
	4 to 5 lb whole roasting chicken
	2 T butter ; melted
	16 cups water
	2 cups spanish onion ; diced
	1 cup Red bell pepper ; diced
	1 cup carrots ; diced
	2 Anaheim peppers ; diced
	2 garlic cloves ; minced
	4 6-inch yellow corn tortillas ; diced
	2 juice from 2 limes
	1 teaspoon salt
	1 teaspoon chili powder
	1 teaspoon Ground cayenne pepper
	2 Tablespoons minced fresh cilantro
	1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese
	2 avocados ; diced
	2 cups vegetable oil
	6 6-inch yellow corn tortillas
	1 teaspoon chili powder
	1 teaspoon paprika
	3/4 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
	1/2 teaspoon salt

INSTRUCTIONS:
	Preheat oven to 375F.

	Rub the chicken with melted butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place your clucker breast-side up on a rack in a roasting pan. Roast chicken for 70 to 90 minutes or until the temperature in the center of the breast is 160F. Remove chicken from the oven to cool, but don't get rid of the drippings in the roasting pan.

	When chicken has cooled enough to handle, tear the meat off the bone. Throw away the skin but keep all the bones. Add the bones to 16 cups water in a soup pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a rapid simmer and find something to keep you busy for 30 minutes. This is a good time to finish chopping vegetables.

	Spoon a tablespoon of fat from the roasting pan into a large skillet over medium heat. When the pan is hot, saute onion, peppers, carrot and garlic for 10 minutes over medium/low heat.

	After 30 to 45 minutes of simmering, remove chicken bones from the water, and add sauteed vegetables, plus the chicken meat, lime juice, salt, chili powder, and cayenne pepper. Simmer soup for 1 hour, adding the cilantro to the pit about 30 minutes in.

	As your soup simmers, heat up 2 cups of vegetable oil in a medium saucepan. Make your spicy tortilla strips by cutting a pile of small corn tortillas in half. Slice the stacks into 1/4 inch strips. Test the oil by dropping in one strip. If it bubbles rapidly, it's hot enough. Wait 4 minutes then take out the sample and make sure it's crunchy. If your oil is ready, fry half of the strips at a time for 4 to 5 minutes or until they all come out crispy. Drain on paper towels. Combine the seasonings for the strips (chili powder, paprika, cayenne, and salt) in a small bowl. Toss the tortilla strips with the seasoning in a large bowl until the strips are coated.

	Serve each bowl of soup topped with a couple tablespoons of shredded Jack cheese, a couple of tablespoons of diced avocado (one-quarter of an avocado), and handful of tortilla strips on top.